Estib/rehydration limits link (#6301)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/archives/rehydrating.md

{{< img src="logs/archives/log_archives_rehydrate_reload.png" alt="Reload from Archive" responsive="true" style="width:75%;">}}

#### Rehydrate by Query

> By creating historical views with specific queries (for example, over one or more services, url endpoints, or customer id), you can reduce the time and cost involved in rehydrating your logs. This is especially helpful when rehydrating over wider time ranges. Today you can rehydrate up to 300 million log events per historical view you create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By creating historical views with specific queries (for example, over one or more services, URL endpoints, or customer IDs), you can reduce the time and cost involved in rehydrating your logs. This is especially helpful when rehydrating over wider time ranges. You can rehydrate up to 300 million log events per historical view you create.
```
